docs: document supported lineComment formats in language configuration (#9214)
Microsoft/vscode-docs: api/language-extensions/language-configuration-guide.md

  }
}
```
The `lineComment` property supports two formats for backward compatibility:

- A string value for simple line comment definitions.

> - An object value that allows additional configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An object value that enables configuring the indentation behavior of comment lines.
```
